Tbh im not actually sure if anyones gonna dm me , but i wanna have a talk and chat .
This morning , people were so desperate to the point na may sumabit na rin sa jeep na babae .
 We will not ban legal content even if we find it odious or if we personally condemn it . "
no need to reciprocate kasi wala naman akong pussy , I just wanna lick you down there ... hit me up
Almost a month ago , I posted a thread regarding broken submarine cables over the coast of Hong Kong .
Anything under the sun can be conversed abt , so take the leap of faith and message your next mistake .
Ang eldest ( sister ) sa amin may seminar sa manila at nag decide dito sa house mag stay with her son .
If ure confident na cute ka and matino tsaka tired to have the same experience chat mo lang ako HAHHAHA .
Okay , so before I start , I wanna say this will be a bit long , a bit subjective , and a bit emotional .
i kinda suffer from mild upper back pain ( from cycling everyday ) and before i ask for a 1 min massage .
Malay mo we vibe and we can be like accountability buddies or something like a network or connection haha .
But no rush wanna get to know you more Qc guy here , so far i get compliments na i barely pass the cute meter .
The country I want to move to will not convert my US or Vietnamese license , but will convert a Philippine one .
Is there any chances the 7 . 2 magnitude will tone down a bit depending on how far you are from the actual line ?
Feeling horny tonightIf youre around the area and feeling the same way , just leave me a message and susunduin kita
No bad reviews so far  About me , I'm a big chub guy so plus points if you prefer my body type as your Dom .
Nagkukumpulan na mga media sa labas ng office ni De Lima sa Senate and I would really want to see what will happen .
I already commented this somewhere in this sub , but here it goes : Kasama po ba mga under 18 years old dun sa drug test ?
Hindi pa ako tapos sa locked-in period  I need to cut back expenses because of the on-going pandemic .
If you're out here bored and looking for an intimate connection , flirting and or any of the nasties , shoot me a message !
As for the moment , as i sip my afternoon cup of tea , i just wanna converse with a mature yet intricate / enigmatic women .
It's just a matter of preference to support informative contents na marami kang matutunan specially for investing money din .
For those limited purposes , a CLIA or an ELISA should probably be used and not a rapid antibody test to avoid false positives .
Since it explores the dark and shady sides of the elite and delivers a deep yet cruel message towards the elites of the country .
I do have my own achievements pero hindi ko naman pinaparada yun at naiirita na ako sa ere of most people who I came across with .
I mean naiisip ko pa din si ex from time to time pero i accepted it na and nakatulong din ung guy na Im talking to dahil he's very patient .
I know that I like being degraded on bed pero I never thought na may mas hihigit pa pala sa tagalog dirty talk and consensual non consent kink ko .
Iniisip ko now pa lang if I would live paycheck to paycheck just to survive when now my only expenses are my allowance pagpasok and pang date lels .
we dont have so much jeep atm so taxi lang , free road trip around the city baga  ill be roaming around apas then escario then urgello then labangon .
Feel mo ba na kailangan mo ng someone na kasama ka tuwing may mga activities na gusto mo gawin not with a friend , but a stranger who can be more than a friend ?
nag cancel ako sa order pero hanggang ngayon hindi na pa approve ang refund ko na para bang intentional na dinidelay ng seller na e accept ang refund request ko .
Looking for : An obedient , adventurous and playful sub with a high sex drive , good attitude , can be a friend , confidant , a shoulder to lean on , hug mate , cuddle buddy , and sex partner .
Uhm hello i have this kink na natuturn on ako when someone is watching me masturbate hahahaha so im looking for someone sana to watch me masturbate on camera hahaha you dont need to talk and mag show ng nudes dont worry you will just watch lang talaga hahaha if ever merong g dito message me lang hahaha ciao
Good evening reddit uhm im looking for an f na willing to watch me masturbate on cam but you will watch lang sakin hahaha don't worry i will not ask any form of nudes sayo hahaha if di mo kaya show yung face mo while nanonood its okay basta wag lang off yung cam hahaha so if merong may gusto just hit me up thanks

